Nowadays we covered a lot of the basics and both our first application let's do something we haven't
done yet.
Let's run it on a real device because whilst testing an application the browser is nice it's not sufficient
for one it will never see the same.
The real user will see in the end there might be some clutches or issues you just don't see in the browser.
There might be performance issues you don't recognize in the browser.
Additionally you of course can use native device features you just can't use the camera and the browser
right.
Therefore it is important to also test your application on real devices.
So in this core section we'll have a look on how to do this on iOS and Android devices and also on their
simulators.
If you just don't happen to have such a device at hand or you want to simply tested on different devices
and you might not own every single Android phone so let's have a look at how this works.